Use new "true circle" tool from glue-jupyter (#2332)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: CHANGES.rst

Bug Fixes
---------

> - Circle tool to create circular Subset no longer result in an ellipse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Circle tool to create a circular Subset no longer results in an ellipse
```
